# New-Feature-Performance-evaluation
Online communities have gained in popularity within the gaming sector over recent years. This report assesses the effectiveness of a new online community feature introduced in 2021 by KyngaCell, a mobile gaming powerhouse, for their latest game, Nicht-Soporific, by assessing its impacts on the metrics such as user revenue, retention, and customer lifetime value (CLV) through Difference-in-Differences and other regression models.
The data in use contain information about a set of players’ in-game spending one month before and after the launch of the online community, their ages with the company at the time of joining the community, as well as their churn status and the average spend within 90 days after the community was introduced. Moreover, information about how users joined the game is also factored into the analysis.
The results indicate that joining the online community produces statistically significant positive impacts on user revenue, but it also leads to an undesired higher probability of customers churning and therefore no significant difference in CLV between people who joined the community and people who did not. Moreover, among those who joined the online community, people who found the game naturally generated more revenue compared with those who played the game due to previous marketing campaigns. The decision of whether to keep the online community should be contingent on what is more important to the company at the moment: if increased revenue is the current business focus, then the community is a useful feature; on the contrary, if increased retention is the current focus, then it is not recommended to keep the online community active.

You can refer to the report for details about 
interpretations of results. Code is provided separately.
